No, you can't.
You can't make the law of a certain state
that has all the power in Venice.
Once you make a bad law,
it will be based on that,
and the mistake of the master will be lost,
and it will be a long state's trouble.
You can't do that.
It's the return of Daniel.
It's completely Daniel.
It doesn't suit the young.
You are a very brave judge.
Please show me your paper.
Yes, yes, here it is.
I'll show you while I'm at it.
Shiro,
I'm trying to make this amount three times more.
I've made a decree.
I've made a decree to heaven.
Do you want to be accused of a sacrifice to your soul?
No.
I don't want to be accused of a death in Venice.
Well, this little money has already run out of money.
So, the law of the merchant's heart
has the right to cut off a pound of meat.
But Shiro,
you can pay for it.
Take three times more money
and let me have this little money.
You have to pay the money as you have been paid.
You are a great judge.
You know the law well
and you have a good interpretation.
You are a great judge of the law of the country.
I give you this law.
Please make your judgement.
Please make your judgement as you have been told.
I ask you to make your judgement.
Please say that you are a great judge.
You are a great judge.
But the money you have in your hand
is more than enough to make a good judgement.
You are right.
You are a good judge.
You are a great judge.
And you have a heart?
Yes, I have a heart.
It is written in the book of the law of the country.
It is written in the book of the heart.
Is there a measure to measure the weight of the meat?
I have it.
Shiro, call the doctor on the ground
and stop the wound.
Otherwise you may lose your life.
Is it written in the book of the law of the country?
I have it.